{
    "title": "Easy Homemade Decadent Creme Caramel | Yensweethaven",
    "description": "Essential Tools you need:\n\nSteamer - I used a Bamboo steamer\n1 cake pan or gratin dish\n\nHere's the Recipe:\n\nfor the Caramel : \n1\/2 cup of white granulated sugar \n\nfor the flan\/custard:\n7 egg yolks (only) \n1 can of condensed milk\n1 cup of evaporated milk\na pinch or 1\/8 tsp. of  salt\n\nOptional:  you can add any flavoring to your custard like lemon rind,\nor orange rind, vanilla extract or any flavoring of your choice.\n\nHere's how to :\n1st step - Butter your dish or the cake pan you are going to use. Not too much and not too little.  This prevents it from to sticking to the side of the dish and release off of it easily. You can use a baking spray or smear some butter on a paper towel to butter your dish. Set aside.\n\n2nd step - To make the caramel, melt 1\/2 cup of white granulated sugar in a low fire till it comes to a light amber color. Set aside and let it cool.\n\n3rd Step - Make the custard. \nSeparate the egg whites to the yolk. You will need egg yolks only. In a bowl mix condensed milk, evaporated milk and salt. Strain it directly to the dish or cake pan you are going to use. \n\nNow time to steam!\n\nIn a very low simmering water, steam your custard for about 40 min to an hour, or until the custard is set. Turn off the heat and leave the custard in the steamer until it cools completely.\n\nNote: I like putting it in a refrigerator for a few hours before serving.\n\nWhen the custard is set,  let it come to room temp, place a plate on top of the flan invert it and serve!\n\nImportant note:  have a consistent slow simmering water to steam the custard. This is the key to achieve a velvety smooth creme caramealso known as Leche Flan. If for some reason your flan won't come out of the dish or cake pan you use. Don't worry! just run a knife around the flan, before inverting it to a plate you are going to serve it with. \n\n\nEnjoy!",
    "videoid": "135308794",
    "date_created": "1516062667",
    "date_modified": "1516062667",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/easy-homemade-decadent-creme-caramel-yensweethaven\/135308794"
}